NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH 5D'S"!
Luna: UM, 5D'S?
IS THAT LIKE
THE TEAM NAME?
YEAH.
5D'S IS ABOUT
ONE THING--
THIS RIGHT HERE.
WE'RE ALL CONNECTED
BY THE MARK
OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
THAT'S WHAT TIES
US ALL TOGETHER.
HANDS IN, PEOPLE.
STARTING RIGHT HERE
AND RIGHT NOW
WE'RE TEAM 5D'S!
All: YEAH!
Announcer: TEAM 5D'S
TO PRACTICE LANE 2
FOR YOUR SCHEDULED PRACTICE RUN.
OH MAN, I AM LOVING
THE WAY THIS BABY FLIES!
HUH?
LOOK OUT!!
UNH!
WHY DID YOU
HIT HIM, YOU FOOL?
IT WASN'T
ON PURPOSE, GUY.
I COULDN'T STOP.
YOU TRIED TO
INJURE MY TEAMMATE!
OH, YOU GUYS ARE
TEAM UNICORN!
I REALLY AM SORRY.
I FEEL TERRIBLE.
NAH. I'M STILL IN
ONE PIECE, RIGHT?
CAN'T SAY THE SAME
FOR YOUR DUEL RUNNER THOUGH.
LOOK AT THAT THING.
THERE'S NO WAY
IT'LL RUN NOW.
THIS WAS OUR FAULT.
SO WHAT CAN WE DO?
HOW ABOUT THIS?
YOU GUYS DUEL
US RIGHT NOW,
AND IF YOU WIN,
WE'LL CALL IT EVEN
AND YOU DON'T
HAVE TO WORRY
ABOUT PAYING
FOR ANY DAMAGES.
YOU MADE IT LOOK
SO CONVINCING.
THANKS TO YOUR LITTLE
"ACCIDENT", BREO,
WE'RE ABOUT TO
GET A SNEAK PEAK
AT YUSEI'S STRENGTHS
AND WEAKNESSES.
I SUMMON MAX WARRIOR
IN ATTACK MODE!
GO, GREEN BABOON!
ATTACK MAX WARRIOR
WITH HAMMER CLUB!
I RELEASE BOTH
PLAYFUL POSSUM
AND NIMBLE MOMONGA
IN ORDER TO SUMMON
BEHEMOTH THE KING
OF ALL ANIMALS!
[ROARS]
YUSEI CAN TURN
THIS AROUND.
ANDRE HAS THREE
BACK-TO-BACK ATTACKS
READY TO GO.
HE CAN'T WIN THIS.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Andre: I HOPE
YOU'RE READY, YUSEI!
'CAUSE IT'S
ABOUT TO GET WILD.
LET'S GO! GREEN BABOON,
DEFENDER OF THE FOREST,
ATTACK JUNK ARCHER!
[GROWLS]
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP
CHAIN ARROW!
THIS TRAP GRANTS
A MONSTER BEING ATTACKED
A TEMPORARY INCREASE
IN POWER!
THAT MEANS...
THAT MEANS, SINCE
JUNK ARCHER SUCCESSFULLY
USED CHAIN ARROW TO DESTROY
A MONSTER IN BATTLE,
IT CAN FIRE A COUNTER ATTACK
SHOT THAT LOWERS
ANOTHER ONE OF YOUR
MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS
BY A THOUSAND
UNTIL THE END PHASE
OF YOUR TURN!
[GROWLS]
I HAVE TO ADMIT,
I AM SOMEWHAT IMPRESSED.
GREAT! NOT
ONLY DID HE AVOID
JUNK ARCHER'S
DESTRUCTION,
BUT HE MANAGED TO
TEMPORARILY CRIPPLE
ANDRE'S BEHEMOTH.
Luna: AND WITH BEHEMOTH
WEAKENED LIKE THAT,
ANDRE CAN'T ATTACK
JUNK ARCHER ANYMORE
THIS TURN.
Leo: GO TEAM 5-D'S!
I SURE HOPE YUSEI CAN
KEEP THE MOMENTUM GOING.
Yusei: NOW THE CHAIN ARROW
EFFECT WEARS OFF,
AND JUNK ARCHER'S ATTACK
POINTS RETURN TO NORMAL.
WELL, WOO-HOO.
WHAT INCREDIBLE
FORESIGHT.
YUSEI REMOVED GREEN BABOON
FROM PLAY USING
JUNK ARCHER'S ABILITY,
BUT HE KNEW
THE BIG APE WOULD RETURN
TO THE FIELD
DURING THE END PHASE
AND THAT ANDRE
WOULD ATTACK
WITH IT FIRST.
SO HE PLANTED A TRAP CARD
THAT WOULD NEGLECT
THE ATTACK,
DESTROY BABOON PERMANENTLY,
AND WEAKEN BEHEMOTH
AT THE SAME TIME.
NOT TOO BAD.
WELL, WELL, I MOCKISHLY
DECLARED EARLIER
THAT THERE WERE
GLARING OPENINGS
IN YOUR STRATEGY,
BUT PERHAPS I WAS WRONG.
I TAKE IT BACK
AND HUMBLY APOLOGIZE
BY ACTIVATING
BEAST BURIAL RITUAL!
THIS TRAP LETS ME
DRAW TWO NEW CARDS
IN EXCHANGE FOR
SENDING ONE MONSTER
FROM MY FIELD
TO MY GRAVEYARD.
SAY GOODBYE TO
NIMBLE MOMONGA!
ERR.
Luna: I'M STARTING TO FEEL
BAD FOR THAT NIMBLE MOMONGA.
I'M STARTING TO
FEEL BAD FOR YUSEI.
AS YOU MAY HAVE GUESSED,
WHEN A BEAST-TYPE
MONSTER OF MINE
IS DESTROYED, I CAN
PAY A THOUSAND
LIFE POINTS
TO GET GREEN BABOON
OUT OF MY GRAVEYARD
AND BACK ON MY FIELD!
THAT GUY LOVES
HIS MONKEY.
YES, WELL,
UNFORTUNATELY,
THAT MONKEY CAN NOW
OBLITERATE JUNK ARCHER.
WAIT, DO YOU THINK ANDRE
KNEW HE WOULD NEED
THAT TRAP
WHEN HE PLACED IT?
OF COURSE HE KNEW,
BREO.
IN THAT LAST BATTLE,
IF IT HAD BEEN BUSINESS
AS USUAL FOR ANDRE,
HE WOULD'VE ATTACKED
WITH BEHEMOTH INSTEAD
OF GREEN BABOON
CONSIDERING BEHEMOTH
IS SO MUCH STRONGER.
BUT BY ANTICIPATING
YUSEI'S THINKING,
ANDRE WAS ABLE TO THINK
A FEW STEPS AHEAD OF HIM.
SO HE TURNED
THE TABLES ON CHAIN ARROW.
HE BASICALLY USED YUSEI'S
TRAP AS AN OPPORTUNITY
TO DRAW TWO NEW CARDS.
IT REMINDS ME OF HIS DUEL
AT THE ATLANTIS TOURNAMENT,
WHEN HE WAS ABLE
TO WIN ONLY USING
TRAP CARDS.
THAT WAS GREAT.
ANDRE IS BETTER
THAN ANYONE I KNOW
AT READING
HIS OPPONENT,
PREDICTING
THEIR EVERY MOVE,
AND THEN USING
THOSE MOVES TO PAVE
THE ROAD TO VICTORY.
TIME TO FIGHT!
GREEN BABOON,
TAKE OUT JUNK ARCHER!
[ROARS]
AND NOW, WITH
JUNK ARCHER OUT
OF THE PICTURE,
BEHEMOTH MOVES IN TO
ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
THIS SHOULD
SHAKE THINGS UP!
NOW I'LL PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN!
AND CHAIN ARROW'S
EFFECT WEARS OFF,
RETURNING BEHEMOTH'S
ATTACK POINTS TO NORMAL!
I WAS PLANNING ON
FINISHING YOU OFF
THIS ROUND,
BUT YOU SOMEHOW
MANAGED TO SURVIVE!
SO MAKE YOUR
NEXT TURN COUNT,
OR YOU'RE GONNA FIND
YOURSELF AT A DEAD END.
Leo: ALRIGHT--
HERE COMES YUSEI'S
BIG COUNTERATTACK!
IT'S MY TURN NOW!
I SUMMON SHIELD WING
IN DEFENSE MODE!
[THINKING]
THIS IS ALL
I HAVE TO GO WITH.
I HOPE THIS WORKS.
I PLACE TWO CARDS
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
HUH? THAT'S ALL
HE'S GONNA DO?
IT'S NOT ALWAYS
BIG MONSTERS
AND EXPLOSIONS, LEO.
HE NEEDS TO
PLAY IT SAFE.
EXACTLY. GOOD DEFENSE
IS THE KEY.
YUSEI IS ACCUSTOMED
TO BATTLING ME
ON A DAILY BASIS.
WHY IS HE STRUGGLING SO
MUCH AGAINST THIS JOKER?
MAYBE THIS JOKER
IS BETTER
THAN YOU, JACK.
PRETEND HE DIDN'T
SAY THAT!
LOOK, SHIELD WING IS
PRACTICALLY A WALL,
THAT BIRD CAN USUALLY
WITHSTAND AT LEAST
TWO ATTACKS.
EVEN IF ANDRE SUMMONS
A THIRD MONSTER NEXT TURN,
HE WON'T BE ABLE TO
ATTACK YUSEI DIRECTLY!
HA! HE'S BASICALLY
GIVING US
A "HOW TO DEFEAT YUSEI"
HANDBOOK
FOR WHEN
THE TOURNAMENT STARTS.
IT'S AN INFORMATIVE READ,
BUT ANDRE NEEDS TO
WRAP IT UP.
IF HE STRETCHES THIS
THING OUT MUCH LONGER,
THEY'RE GONNA
GET SUSPICIOUS.
THIS IS IT.
NO MORE GOING
EASY ON THIS GUY.
IT'S MY TURN!
I SUMMON
NIMBLE MOMONGA!
THEN I SUMMON
ONE BEAST-TYPE MONSTER
FROM MY HAND
TO MY GRAVEYARD
IN ORDER TO SUMMON
THE EGOTISTICAL APE
TUNER MONSTER
TO THE FIELD!
EGOTISTICAL APE'S LEVEL
INCREASES BY THE LEVEL
OF THE MONSTER
THAT WAS SENT
TO THE GRAVEYARD
TO SUMMON IT!
UH-OH, ANDRE'S
GOT FOUR MONSTERS.
TWO TO CHIP AWAY
AT SHIELD WING'S
DEFENSE POINTS,
A THIRD ONE
TO DISH OUT
THE FINISHING BLOW,
LEAVING THE FIELD WIDE OPEN.
FOR MONSTER NUMBER
FOUR TO MOVE IN,
ATTACK DIRECTLY,
AND SEND YUSEI HOME.
THIS IS BAD!
Yusei: BEFORE YOU
GO ANY FURTHER,
I REVEAL ONE
OF MY TRAP CARDS--
IT'S SHIELD COAT!
WHEN YOU SUMMON A MONSTER
MORE POWERFUL THAN
A MONSTER I HAVE
IN DEFENSE MODE,
I CAN USE SHIELD COAT
TO DOUBLE MY MONSTER'S
DEFENSE POINTS!
YES! NOW IT'LL TAKE
A LOT MORE THAN
A FREAKY FLYING SQUIRREL
AND A FUNNY-LOOKING MONKEY
TO DESTROY SHIELD WING!
NICE TRY, BUT MY LEVEL 7
EGOTISTICAL APE
IS TUNING MY
LEVEL 2 NIMBLE MOMONGA!
YOU DIDN'T THINK I WAS
GOING TO TRY TO ONE-TWO
YOUR MONSTER WITH
THOSE WEAK CRITTERS,
DID YOU?
I'M GONNA LET
THE KING OF THE JUNGLE
TAKE YOUR
SHIELD WING OUT.
SAY HELLO TO
NATURIA GAODRAKE!
[ROARS]
Computer: NATURIA GAODRAKE IS
A LEVEL 9 BEAST-TYPE
MONSTER WITH 3000 ATTACK POINTS
AND 1800 DEFENSE POINTS.
WHAT IS THAT,
A DANDELION?
HE TOTALLY KNEW THAT
YUSEI HAD A TRAP CARD
READY THAT WOULD
BOOST HIS MONSTER'S
DEFENSE POINTS.
HE WAS JUST WAITING
FOR HIM TO PLAY IT.
BUT BY COMBINING
TWO OF HIS MONSTERS,
HE'S NOW ONE MONSTER
SHY OF WINNING.
BABOON! GET IN THERE
AND CLOBBER YUSEI'S
SHIELD WING!
[SCREECH]
ALRIGHT, BEHEMOTH--
YOUR TURN!
AND NOW, TO SEAL
THE DEAL--
NATURIA GAODRAKE POUNCES
IN FOR A THIRD ATTACK!
YUSEI'S COMPLETELY
VULNERABLE NOW.
THE GOOD NEWS IS--
ANDRE DOESN'T HAVE
ANY MORE MONSTERS
HE CAN ATTACK
HIM WITH.
MY PREDATOR IS STILL
ON THE HUNT, YUSEI..
I ACTIVATE
HOWL OF THE WILD!
WHEN A BEAST-TYPE
MONSTER OF MINE DESTROYS
YOUR MONSTER IN BATTLE,
HOWL OF THE WILD CAN
SLAM YOU FOR 300 POINTS
OF DAMAGE
FOR EVERY BEAST
ON MY FIELD!
AW, NO.
"AW NO" IS RIGHT!
SEE WITH THREE BEASTS
ON MY FIELD YOU'LL BE
TAKING 900 POINTS
OF DAMAGE!
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN!
Leo: GUESS ANDRE DIDN'T
NEED ANOTHER MONSTER
TO ATTACK WITH.
YEAH. HE'S GOT YUSEI
ON THE ROPES.
THIS GUY IS AWESOME.
HE REMINDS ME OF ME
IN A LOT OF WAYS.
[THINKING]
THIS BATTLE'S AMAZING.
I KNOW I'M NEW
AT TURBO DUELING,
BUT WILL I EVER BE ABLE
TO DUEL AT THIS LEVEL?
I HOPE SOMEDAY I'LL
HAVE THE CHANCE.
IT'S MY TURN!
NICE.
I SUMMON DEBRIS DRAGON!
AND WHEN I MANAGE TO
BRING DEBRIS DRAGON
TO MY FIELD, I CAN
THEN SUMMON ANOTHER MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD AS LONG
AS IT HAS LESS
THAN 500 ATTACK POINTS,
AND SHIELD WING
FITS THE BILL PERFECTLY!
NOW DON'T BOTHER MOCKING
SHIELD WING'S STRENGTH,
'CAUSE IT WON'T BE
STICKING AROUND.
YOU SEE. SINCE I'M ROCKING
6 SPEED COUNTERS RIGHT NOW,
I HAVE THE ABILITY TO
ACTIVATE THE VISION WIND
SPEED SPELL FROM MY HAND!
AND WITH THAT,
I CAN SUMMON ONE
LEVEL 2-OR-BELOW MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
WELCOME BACK,
SPEED WARRIOR!
AND NOW MY LEVEL 2
SPEED WARRIOR
AND MY LEVEL 2 SHIELD WING
WILL BOTH GET A TUNING
FROM MY LEVEL 4
DEBRIS DRAGON!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
YOUR DEFEAT!
NOW COME FORTH,
STARDUST DRAGON!
HE PLAYED
STARDUST DRAGON!!
LOOK. HIS TOP MONSTER
HAS FINALLY SHOWED UP,
AND IT CAN'T
EVEN COMPETE
WITH GREEN BABOON.
WHAT'S HE GONNA DO
WITH THAT WRANGLY REPTILE?
NOW! STARDUST DRAGON
ATTACK GREEN BABOON
WITH COSMIC FLARE!
HAVE YOU LOST
YOUR MIND?
GREEN BABOON
HAS MORE ATTACK
POINTS, YUSEI.
THAT'S WHY I'M ACTIVATING
THE SYNCHRO STRIKE TRAP!
WITH THIS CARD, FOR EVERY
MONSTER THAT WAS USED
TO SUMMON IT,
STARDUST DRAGON GAINS
AN ADDITIONAL
500 ATTACK POINTS.
SO NOW IT HAS
FOUR THOUSAND
ATTACK POINTS!?
THAT'S RIGHT!
AW, YEAH!
NOW WHO'S LOW
ON LIFE POINTS!?
THIS IS GREAT,
'CAUSE YUSEI'S GOT
SIX SPEED COUNTERS
RIGHT NOW,
SO ALL HE NEEDS IS
A SPEED SPELL
AND HE CAN DRAIN
THE REST OF ANDRE'S
LIFE POINTS FASTER THAN
LEO DRAINS A MILKSHAKE.
WHOA. CHECK OUT
THE PLAY-BY-PLAY
COMING FROM AKIZA!
YOU'RE SOUNDING LIKE
A REAL TURBO DUELIST!
HEH HEH.
10, 9, 8...
NOW I'M ACTIVATING
THE EFFECT OF SPEED WORLD 2!
WITH THIS CARD YOU TAKE
800 POINTS OF DAMAGE
FOR EVERY SPEED SPELL
THAT I'M CURRENTLY
HOLDING IN MY HAND!
[BUZZER]
WHAT IS THIS?
IT LOOKS LIKE OUR
PRACTICE TIME IS UP.
I GUESS
THE DUEL IS A DRAW.
HUH?
NICE DUELING WITH YOU.
YEAH, UH, NICE
DUELING WITH YOU.
WE'LL HAVE TO SETTLE THIS
IN THE PRELIMINARIES.
SEE YA' ON THE TRACK.
THAT WAS SWEET!
YOU HAD THAT GUY!
YOU TOTALLY
WOULD'VE WON THAT!
NOT QUITE.
HE STILL HAD A FACEDOWN
CARD ON HIS FIELD.
AND BASED ON THE WAY
HE WAS DUELING,
I WOULDN'T BE SURPRISED
IF THAT CARD WAS
A GAME CHANGER.
SO EVEN AT THAT POINT,
YOU THINK HE WAS
A STEP AHEAD OF YOU?
PROBABLY.
SO YOU WOULD'VE GONE
IN AND HE WOULD'VE
COUNTERATTACKED
AND THAT WOULDA
BEEN THAT.
WHO KNOWS,
BUT THOSE GUYS ARE GOOD.
IT'S GONNA TAKE
EVERYTHING WE'VE GOT
TO BEAT THEM
IN THE TOURNAMENT.
I'M NOT AFRAID
OF THOSE LOUTS.
THEY WILL PLAY
INTO MY HAND,
AND THEN I'LL CRUSH THEM
LIKE THE LITTLE BUGS
THAT THEY ARE.
YEAH, WE'LL
TAKE THEM DOWN!
TEAM UNICORN IS GONNA
BE TEAM STINKY CORN!
IT'LL TAKE "EVERYTHING
THEY'VE GOT" TO BEAT
TEAM UNICORN?
I HAVE NEWS FOR THEM--
IF THEY THINK
THOSE "PREPSTERS"
ARE A CHALLENGE,
THEY SHOULD JUST
FORFEIT NOW.
MAYBE SOMETHING BAD
WILL HAPPEN TO ONE OF THEM
THAT FORCES
THEM TO FORFEIT.
YEAH. MAYBE SO.
[ALL LAUGHING]
OOH, NICE! THAT'S HIS
FASTEST TIME YET!
Sherry: I COULD'VE
BEATEN THAT!
SHERRY?
I THOUGHT I WOULD SWING
BY AND SAY BONJOUR
SINCE WE WON'T BE MEETING
IN THE PRELIMINARIES.
THEY'VE PUT US
IN DIFFERENT DIVISIONS.
DO YOU KNOW WHO
YOU'RE UP AGAINST
IN THE FIRST ROUND?
SOME BUNCH
CALLING THEMSELVES
THE CHEERLEADING SQUAD.
I'M NOT WORRIED
ABOUT THEM.
I AM, HOWEVER, WORRIED
ABOUT SOME
OF THE OTHER
PARTICIPANTS.
I FEAR THEY MAY BE
WORKING WITH ILIASTER.
YOU SHOULD BE
CAREFUL, AKIZA.
IN FACT,
ALL OF YOU SHOULD.
Yusei: SAME TO YOU,
SHERRY.
DON'T GO CHASING
AFTER DANGER.
I AM NOT "CHASING
AFTER DANGER," YUSEI.
IT IS DANGER THAT
IS CHASING ME.
AND SPEAKING OF WHICH,
YOU AND I SHOULD DISCUSS
WHAT WE SAW THE OTHER
DAY AT THE HEADQUARTERS
OF THE PUBLIC
SECURITY BUREAU.
UNTIL THEN...
KEEP YOUR WITS
ABOUT YOU, YUSEI FUDO,
AND BE READY
FOR ANYTHING!
AU REVOIR!
Crow: MARTHA!
BLISTER.
SORRY WE'RE LATE.
TRAFFIC WAS A PAIN.
GOODNESS SAKE!
IT'S SO NICE TO
SEE YOUR FACES!
COME ON IN!
Blister: WHERE'S YUSEI?
I THOUGHT HE WAS
COMING WITH YOU.
OH. YEAH, WELL,
NO DICE.
HE DECIDED TO RAIN CHECK
THIS VISIT.
HE WANTED TO DO SOME
MORE PRACTICE RUNS
DOWN AT THE PIER.
ALLOW ME TO
TRANSLATE THAT FOR YOU.
HE WANTED TO SPEND
MORE TIME WITH AKIZA
DOWN AT THE PIER.
AT LEAST HE'S
DOING SOMETHING
CONSTRUCTIVE.
I HEARD FROM ZORA
THAT A CERTAIN
SOMEONE CAN'T
SEEM TO HOLD DOWN
A JOB!
HMM? I REJECT
THAT STATEMENT,
AND I WON'T COMMENT ON IT.
HUH?
I JUST REALIZED
HOW QUIET IT IS.
THE KIDS NOT HERE?
IT'S TIME TO COME OUT,
YOU GUYS!
[GIGGLING]
WHAT'S GOIN' ON,
YA' LITTLE BRATS?
WERE YOU HIDING
FROM ME?
[LAUGHING]
HUH? DID--DID YOU
GUYS MAKE THIS?
THEY STAYED UP 'TIL 3 A.M.
I COULDN'T GET THEM
TO GO TO BED.
THEY WANTED TO FINISH
IT BEFORE YOU GOT HERE.
WE'RE GONNA MAKE IT LIKE
A FLAG AND BRING IT
TO THE TOURNAMENT AND CHEER
REALLY LOUD FOR YOU
AND EVERYTHING!
SO IF YOU'RE EVER
FEELING ALL RUMBLED...
JUST LOOK UP
AND SEE THIS!
YOU GUYS, IT'S--
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO SAY.
THIS IS, LIKE,
THE NICEST
THING THAT--
COME HERE,
YOU LITTLE NERDS.
THANKS, GUYS.
YOU'RE THE BEST.
Martha: YOU KNOW, JACK,
MAYBE IF YOU SMILED
MORE OFTEN,
SOMEBODY WOULD
MAKE SOMETHING
LIKE THAT FOR YOU.
WHAT'S THAT SUPPOSED
TO MEAN!?
[LAUGHTER]
SMELLS GREAT.
I'M SURPRISED CROW'S
NOT BEGGING YET.
HE TOOK OFF ABOUT
AN HOUR AGO TO GET SOME
PRACTICE RUNS IN.
THERE WE GO.
HUG THAT CURVE!
AAAH!
[SCREAMING]
OH, MAN.
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?
AAH!
UH, NO WAY.
I DISLOCATED
MY SHOULDER?
UH, YUH.
SHOULD TAKE
ABOUT A MONTH
TO FULLY HEAL,
MAYBE TWO.
YOU CAN'T BE SERIOUS?
THE PRELIMINARIES
ARE IN THREE DAYS.
I CAN DUEL, RIGHT?
I MEAN, I'M FINE,
I FEEL PERFECT,
NEVER FELT BETTER.
YOU CAN'T DUEL.
I'M BEGGIN' YOU DOC!
I'LL EAT MY VEGGIES,
I'LL DO YOGA,
WHATEVER YOU WANT!
I'VE GOTTA HAVE
THE CHANCE TO WIN
THAT TOURNAMENT
WITH MY FRIENDS.
COME ON. HELP ME MAKE
THIS HAPPEN, DOC.
TELL ME I CAN
STILL DUEL.
I WOULD IF YA' COULD,
BUT YA' CAN'T!
AND I AM NOT ABOUT
TO SIGN OFF ON YOUR
RELEASE FORM.
YOU'RE JUST A QUACK!
I DON'T NEED YOUR
QUACKY PERMISSION,
AND I DON'T NEED
YOUR BANDAGES!
AAH!
STOP THAT.
WHY? WHY NOW?
WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO
TELL THE LITTLE NERDS!?
SO JUST THE TWO
OF US, THEN?
ACCORDING TO
THE TOURNAMENT RULES,
IF THREE PEOPLE ENTER,
THE TEAM GETS
TWELVE-THOUSAND LIFE POINTS,
BUT IF IT'S ONLY
TWO PEOPLE, THEN THE TEAM
ONLY GETS EIGHT-THOUSAND
LIFE POINTS.
WOW. THAT'S
A REALLY BIG HANDICAP.
SHOULD WE JUST
WITHDRAW NOW?
NO. I MEAN, WE'VE
COME THIS FAR.
WE CAN'T BACK DOWN NOW.
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT WE
CAN'T DO--
WE CAN'T ENTER KNOWING
WE DON'T HAVE A CHANCE.
I DUEL TO WIN
OR I DON'T DUEL
AT ALL, YUSEI.
Akiza: UM, BOYS?
WE'RE ALL PART OF
TEAM 5D'S, AREN'T WE?
LET ME DUEL WITH YOU.
REALLY?
ARE YOU SURE
YOU'RE UP FOR IT?
MM-HMM.
THAT'S NOT
THE WORST IDEA
I'VE EVER HEARD.
I MEAN, SHE'S
A SHARP DUELIST.
SHE KNOWS
YOUR STRATEGIES.
I'VE STILL GOT A LOT
TO LEARN ABOUT
TURBO DUELING.
I'M WELL AWARE OF THAT.
BUT LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
SAYING, YUSEI,
WE'RE ALL CONNECTED
BY A BOND.
WE CAN DO THIS
TOGETHER.
HMM?
HEY! WHERE YA'
GOIN', CROW?
WHAT'S IT MATTER?
I'M CLEARLY
REPLACEABLE.
WHO CARES
WHERE I GO!?
[THINKING]
AM I READY FOR THIS?
COME ON, AKIZA STOP
ASKING YOURSELF THAT.
YOU HAVE TO BE READY
FOR JACK AND YUSEI.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
HUH?
Yusei: NO SIGN OF CROW
OR HIS DUEL RUNNER.
I GUESS HE DIDN'T
COME HOME LAST NIGHT.
I HOPE HE'S OKAY.
HE SEEMED SO
UPSET WHEN HE LEFT.
HE'S JUST PLAYING UP
THE DRAMA LIKE THE MANCHILD
HE IS,
BUT HE'S OUR MANCHILD.
SO LET'S GO FIND HIM!
NO SIGN OF AKIZA
THIS MORNING EITHER.
I GUESS SHE WAS
ALL TALK.
DON'T HESITATE!
TAKE THOSE CURVES
WITH FULL FORCE,
THE PAVEMENT
CAN SMELL FEAR.
HUNH! HOW DARE
THEY MAKE US WORRY!
I WONDER IF THEY'VE BEEN
PRACTICING ALL NIGHT?
ALRIGHT! YOU ARE GONNA
TEAR THE ROAD UP, AKIZA.
YOU ARE GONNA
OWN IT OUT THERE!
LOOK LIKE
WE'VE GOT A NEW
TEAMMATE, JACK.
Announcer:
DUELISTS YOUNG AND OLD,
PROFESSIONAL
AND AMATEUR ALIKE!
THIS IS IT!
THE MAIN EVENT!
THE BIGGEST THING
TO HIT NEW DOMINO CITY--
IT'S THE WORLD
RACING GRAND PRIX!
NOW, WELCOME TO THE FIRST
PRELIMINARY ROUND TEAM 5D'S!